docs(hmac-auth) add 2.3-x documentation and the new `@request-target` (#2994)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/hmac-auth/2.4-x.md

`secret`<br>*optional*     | The secret to use in the HMAC Signature verification. Note that if this parameter isn't provided, Kong will generate a value for you and send it as part of the response body.

### Signature Authentication Scheme

The client is expected to send an `Authorization` or `Proxy-Authorization` header
with the following parameterization:

```
credentials := "hmac" params
params := keyId "," algorithm ", " headers ", " signature
keyId := "username" "=" plain-string
algorithm := "algorithm" "=" DQUOTE (hmac-sha1|hmac-sha256|hmac-sha384|hmac-sha512) DQUOTE
headers := "headers" "=" plain-string
signature := "signature" "=" plain-string
plain-string   = DQUOTE *( %x20-21 / %x23-5B / %x5D-7E ) DQUOTE
```

### Signature Parameters

parameter| description
---       | ---
username  | The `username` of the credential
algorithm | Digital signature algorithm used to create the signature
headers   | List of HTTP header names, separated by a single space character, used to sign the request
signature | `Base64` encoded digital signature generated by the client

### Signature String Construction

> In order to generate the string that is signed with a key, the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the string that is signed with a key, the client
```

MUST take the values of each HTTP header specified by `headers` in
the order they appear.

1. If the header name is not `request-line` and not `@request-target`
  then append the lowercased header name followed with an ASCII colon `:` and an
  ASCII space ` `.

2. If the header name is `request-line` then append the HTTP
  request line (in ASCII format).

3. If the header name is `@request-target`,
  then append the lowercase request method, followed by a ASCII space ` `

>   and the request URI including any query strings, otherwise append the header value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and the request URI including any query strings; otherwise append the header value.
```

3. If value is not the last value then append an ASCII newline `\n`.
  The string MUST NOT include a trailing ASCII newline.

>   <div class="alert alert-warning">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {:.warning}
```

>     <strong>Note:</strong> The `@request-target` pseudo header was added in the 2.4.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** The `@request-target` pseudo header was added in the 2.4.0
```

    version of the plugin release. It is similiar to the `request-line` pseudo header

>     except that the HTTP version was removed from the signature calculation. Otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    except that the HTTP version was removed from the signature calculation. Otherwise,
```

>     semantically equivlent requests that uses HTTP/1.x and HTTP/2 will generate different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    semantically equivalent requests that uses HTTP/1.x and HTTP/2 will generate different
```

>     signature value. It is strongly recommended to use `@request-target`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    signature values. It is strongly recommended to use `@request-target`
```

    instead of `request-line` with releases of this plugin after 2.4.0.

>   </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
```

### Clock Skew

The HMAC Authentication plugin also implements a clock skew check as described
in the [specification][clock-skew] to prevent replay attacks. By default,
a minimum lag of 300s in either direction (past/future) is allowed. Any request
with a higher or lower date value will be rejected. The length of the clock
skew can be edited through the plugin's configuration by setting the
`clock_skew` property (`config.clock_skew` POST parameters).

The server and requesting client should be synchronized with NTP and a valid
date (using GMT format) should be sent with either the `X-Date` or `Date`
header.

### Body Validation

> User can set `config.validate_request_body` as `true` to validate the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can set `config.validate_request_body` as `true` to validate the request
```

> body. If it's enabled the plugin will calculate the `SHA-256` HMAC digest of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
body. If it's enabled, the plugin will calculate the `SHA-256` HMAC digest of
```

the request body and match it against the value of the `Digest` header. The

> Digest header needs to be in following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Digest` header needs to be in following format:
```

```
Digest: SHA-256=base64(sha256(<body>))
```

If there is no request body, the `Digest` should be set to the digest of a
body of 0 length.

> Note: In order to create the digest of a request body, the plugin needs to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
> **Note:** To create the digest of a request body, the plugin needs to
```

  ...

  ```

  **Add credential for Alice**

  ```bash
  $ curl -i -X POST http://localhost:8001/consumers/alice/hmac-auth \
      -d "username=alice123" \
      -d "secret=secret"
  HTTP/1.1 201 Created
  ...

  ```

  **Making an authorized request**

  ```bash
  $ curl -i -X GET http://localhost:8000/requests \
      -H "Host: hmac.com" \
      -H "Date: Thu, 22 Jun 2017 17:15:21 GMT" \
      -H 'Authorization: hmac username="alice123", algorithm="hmac-sha256", headers="date @request-target", signature="ujWCGHeec9Xd6UD2zlyxiNMCiXnDOWeVFMu5VeRUxtw="'
  HTTP/1.1 200 OK
  ...

  ```

  In the above request, we are composing the signing string using the `date` and
  `@request-target-line` headers and creating the digest using the `hmac-sha256` to
  hash the digest:

  ```
  signing_string="date: Thu, 22 Jun 2017 17:15:21 GMT\nGET /requests HTTP/1.1"
  digest=HMAC-SHA256(<signing_string>, "secret")
  base64_digest=base64(<digest>)
  ```

  So the final value of the `Authorization` header would look like:

  ```
  Authorization: hmac username="alice123", algorithm="hmac-sha256", headers="date @request-target", signature=<base64_digest>"
  ```

  **Validating request body**

>   To enable body validation we would need to set `config.validate_request_body`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To enable body validation, we would need to set `config.validate_request_body`
```

  HTTP/1.1 200 OK
  ...

  ```

  Now if the client includes the body digest in the request as the value of the
  `Digest` header, the plugin will validate the request body by calculating the
  `SHA-256` of the body and matching it against the `Digest` header's value.

  ```bash
  $ curl -i -X GET http://localhost:8000/requests \
      -H "Host: hmac.com" \
      -H "Date: Thu, 22 Jun 2017 21:12:36 GMT" \
      -H "Digest: SHA-256=SBH7QEtqnYUpEcIhDbmStNd1MxtHg2+feBfWc1105MA=" \
      -H 'Authorization: hmac username="alice123", algorithm="hmac-sha256", headers="date @request-target digest", signature="gaweQbATuaGmLrUr3HE0DzU1keWGCt3H96M28sSHTG8="' \
      -d "A small body"
  HTTP/1.1 200 OK
  ...

  ```

  In the above request we calculated the `SHA-256` digest of the body and set
  the `Digest` header with the following format:

  ```
  body="A small body"
  digest=SHA-256(body)
  base64_digest=base64(digest)
  Digest: SHA-256=<base64_digest>
  ```

### Upstream Headers

When a client has been authenticated, the plugin will append some headers to
the request before proxying it to the upstream service, so that you
can identify the Consumer in your code:

> * `X-Consumer-ID`, the ID of the Consumer on Kong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-Consumer-ID`: The ID of the Consumer on Kong.
```

> * `X-Consumer-Custom-ID`, the `custom_id` of the Consumer (if set)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-Consumer-Custom-ID`: The `custom_id` of the Consumer (if set).
```

> * `X-Consumer-Username`, the `username` of the Consumer (if set)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-Consumer-Username`: The `username` of the Consumer (if set).
```

> * `X-Credential-Username`, the `username` of the Credential (only if the consumer is not the 'anonymous' consumer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-Credential-Username`: The `username` of the Credential (only if the consumer is not the 'anonymous' consumer).
```

> * `X-Anonymous-Consumer`, will be set to `true` when authentication failed, and the 'anonymous' consumer was set instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-Anonymous-Consumer`: This parameter is set to `true` when authentication fails and the 'anonymous' consumer is set instead.
```

You can use this information on your side to implement additional logic.
You can use the `X-Consumer-ID` value to query the Kong Admin API and retrieve
more information about the Consumer.

### Paginate through the HMAC Credentials

> <div class="alert alert-warning">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.warning}
```

>   <strong>Note:</strong> This endpoint was introduced in Kong 0.11.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note:** This endpoint was introduced in Kong 0.11.2.
```

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

            "username": "foo",
            "consumer": { "id": "c0d92ba9-8306-482a-b60d-0cfdd2f0e880" }
        },
        {
            "created_at": 1509419793000,
            "id": "11d5cbfb-31b9-4a6d-8496-2f4a76500643",
            "secret": "zi6YHyvLaUCe21XMXKesTYiHSWy6m6CW",
            "username": "bar",
            "consumer": { "id": "3c2c8fc1-7245-4fbb-b48b-e5947e1ce941" }
        },
        {
            "created_at": 1509681215000,
            "id": "eb0365bc-88ae-4568-be7c-db1eb7c16e5e",
            "secret": "NvHDTg5mp0ySFVJsITurtgyhEq1Cxbnv",
            "username": "baz",
            "consumer": { "id": "c0d92ba9-8306-482a-b60d-0cfdd2f0e880" }
        }
    ]
}
```

You can filter the list by consumer by using this other path:

```bash
$ curl -X GET http://kong:8001/consumers/{username or id}/hmac-auth

{
    "total": 1,
    "data": [
        {
            "created_at": 1509419793000,
            "id": "11d5cbfb-31b9-4a6d-8496-2f4a76500643",
            "secret": "zi6YHyvLaUCe21XMXKesTYiHSWy6m6CW",
            "username": "bar",
            "consumer": { "id": "3c2c8fc1-7245-4fbb-b48b-e5947e1ce941" }
        }
    ]
}
```

> `username or id`: The username or id of the consumer whose credentials need to be listed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`username or id`: The username or id of the consumer whose credentials need to be listed.
```

### Retrieve the Consumer associated with a Credential

> <div class="alert alert-warning">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.warning}
```

>   <strong>Note:</strong> This endpoint was introduced in Kong 0.11.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note:** This endpoint was introduced in Kong 0.11.2.
```

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
